Update workflow documentation in contributing page (#74)
10up/component-library: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Workflow

The `develop` branch is the development branch which means it contains the next version to be released. `trunk` contains the latest released version.

### Feature branches

1. From the `develop` branch create a new feature branch with the following naming structure: `feature|fix/[github-issue-number]--[branch-description]` (i.e. `feature/10--accordion-component-build`).
2. Do work on the `feature` or `fix` branch. When finished, submit a pull request to merge your work back into the `develop` branch. In the PR, link to the issue (see the sidebar options on the right).
3. If there are conflicts between your branch and the code that now exists on `develop` branch, merge `develop` into your branch to reintegrate new changes and resolve any conflicts.
4. Assign a minimum on 1 reviewer to the pull request. At least one engineer must review all PRs.

> 5. If any updated components (`/packages`) that will need to be relased to npm exist, be sure to update package version. numbers in their respective `package.json` files.

Reviewer: I don't think this will work well. There might be multiple PRs making changes to the same package and merging something to `develop`  doesn't mean it goes straight to npm. So with this workflow we might end up bumping packages version multiple times before we even release to NPM. Typically we would want to group a few PRs before releasing a new package version.

My suggestion here is to do the process of updating package versions separately once we're ready to publish a new npm release. At the feature branch stage, we only have PR authors add the CHANGELOG entries to the PR template.

Example:
- 4 PRs are merged to develop, 2 packages updated.
- Once we're ready to publish to npm, a `maintainer/owner` creates a PR against `trunk` from `develop` or a `release` branch, manually update the package version to the next desired version and update the CHANGELOG.md.  Then publish to npm and merge into trunk.

Author: Documentation updated. Please review @nicholasio

### Release instructions
_NOTE: Release is this instance is referring to the repository version history - not the npm package(s)_

1. Create a new issue in github to track the release. Name the release version in the github issue. Refer to [releases](https://github.com/10up/component-library/releases) for the latest release.
2. Create a branch from `develop` named `release/[github-issue-number]-[release-number]`.
3. With the release branch checked out locally, in the `/docs` directory run `bundle install` and `bundle exec jekyll serve`. Verify everything is working correctly.
4. Create a pull request in github to merge the `release/[github-issue-number]-[release-number]` branch into `trunk`. Assign one reviewer to the PR. Add "Component Libarary Release [release number]" and "CHANGELOG" updates to the description.
5. Once branch is approved, all tests pass, and merged on github, switch to the `trunk` branch locally and pull the changes you just merged.
6. Verify changes are working correctly locally and, once the deploy is complete, on [Baseline](https://baseline.10up.com/components).

> 7. If any updated components (`/packages`) that will need to be relased to npm exist, be sure to update package version numbers in their respective `package.json` files (this should have been completed in the branch workflow - see above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If any updated components (`/packages`) that will need to be relased to npm exist, be sure to update package version numbers in their respective `package.json` files.
```

Author: Documentation updated, please review @nicholasio

> 8. If any package.json files need updating, be sure to commit the updates and push to the remote `trunk` branch.

Reviewer: I think this should be done as part of the `release` branch instead of pushing to `trunk` directly.

Author: Documentation updated, please review @nicholasio

> 9. For all updated components (`/packages`), be sure to release these updates to npm via `npm publish [name from package.json]] [version from package.json]` (i.e. `npm publish @10up/component-accordion 2.0.1`) to release to npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. For all updated components (`/packages`), be sure to release these updates to npm via `npm publish --access public` to release to npm.
```

no need to specify the package name or version, npm will read from package.json

10. Verify npm packages have been updated (i.e. [10up Accordion Component on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@10up/component-accordion)).
11. Create a new tag in the repository matching the release number (i.e. `git tag 0.1.3`).

> 12. Run `git push --tags` to push the newly created tag to the git repository.

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed, once we merge into `trunk` we can just create a release through Github. https://github.com/10up/component-library/releases
